Today I want to give you the app home to
introduce shortcut
with this app you have the possibility
the home button the menu button and the
back button double or new to occupy
usually when I'm on it
you get the svs application
I personally need it
you can just app in the app store
Downloading the free means to
short cut and then just install
if you double click the homebutton
you want to prove it again then you have to
my go
and deselect under settings
that this application when pressing the
home button is opened
That's how the program opens in
this application then into there
application bosch all apps are displayed
become the smoker and you can now
choose from the apps here that he wants
I want to have assigned assigned
take this time the camera said okay
go on down the let you on
best on normal has that
only to do with the speed
who enabled her to hughes home
education will take you in that case
touchwiz tag and say okay
and now you close the application and
Now select the shortcut for
always and say okay so well here as well
Find
if you double click here now
then you see you are opening up with me
the camera immediately
I have bags on the menu on the way
button applications future opens
my tastic with me or rom
and back there goes with me the db
navigator on you see so you have the
Possibility the rest in addition or
to prove otherwise, and you
have so wonderful the possibility
quickly come to programs that you
Always needed on you has the review
please see you next time